README.md, before:

# Pebble UI Template

Hands-down the best Photoshop UI template for Pebble.

Includes all of the available built-in UI elements, a high-quality render of the watch body (including the new Pebble Steel), grids (by [Orviwan](http://forums.getpebble.com/profile/7316/orviwan)), and font information. And best of all, it's all done in vectors, which means you'll have no problems scaling this up to the size of a billboard.

Oh, and did I mention it's all available under the [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en_US) license? Booyah.

# Samples
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-8.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-1.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-3.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-4.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-5.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-6.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-7.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/steel/Pebble-1.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/steel/Pebble-2.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/steel/Pebble-3.png)

Commit message:

Add Pebble Time, update readme, split models

README.md, after:

# Pebble UI Template

Hands-down the best Photoshop UI template for Pebble.

Each section has the associated watch with each model. ie. Pebble Time has red, white and black inside the "Time" folder.

Includes all of the available built-in UI elements, a high-quality render of the watch body (including the new Pebble Steel), grids (by [Orviwan](http://forums.getpebble.com/profile/7316/orviwan)), and font information. And best of all, it's all done in vectors, which means you'll have no problems scaling this up to the size of a billboard.

Pebble Time included, with red, white and black models. Pebble Time files created and managed by the amazing Philipp Weder. 

Oh, and did I mention it's all available under the [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en_US) license? Booyah.

# Samples
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-8.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-1.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-3.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-4.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-5.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-6.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/new/Pebble-7.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/steel/Pebble-1.png)
![](http://wearewearable.com/template/steel/Pebble-2.png)

![](http://wearewearable.com/template/steel/Pebble-3.png)
